Extensibility - show connected resources (#1495)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/display-widgets.md

<img src="./assets/display-widgets/Table.png" alt="Example of a table widget" style="border: 1px solid #D2D5D9">

### ResourceList

> ResourceList widgets render a list of Kubernetes resources. It should be used along with [related resources](resources.md#relations-section).

Reviewer: What "it"? The only singular word in the previous sentence is "a list", so is that what should be used along with related resources? 

For clarification, I suggest to replace "it" with the actual word, not sure which one it is:

```suggestion
ResourceList widgets render a list of Kubernetes resources. The resource list should be used along with [related resources](resources.md#relations-section).
```
or 

```suggestion
ResourceList widgets render a list of Kubernetes resources. The ResourceList widgets should be used along with [related resources](resources.md#relations-section).
```

```suggestion
ResourceList widgets render a list of Kubernetes resources. The Kubernetes resources should be used along with [related resources](resources.md#relations-section).
```

> If such resource list was already defined in Busola, the configuration will be reused. To obtain custom columns, specify `columns` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If such resource list was already defined in Busola, the configuration will be reused. To obtain custom columns, specify the `columns` field.
```
